= courgette

* http://github.com/21croissants/courgette

== DESCRIPTION:

Courgette is a Rails engine (plugin) which makes your feature files viewable through
your browser. Install and browse to:

    /features

Voilà, pretty list of features. Great for communicating with the customer.

Current version is 0.0.4

== mini ROAD MAP

* add scenarios for testing syntax higligting
* not available on production
* browse features & scenarios using treeview
* output features with ruby source for step definitions, so developpers can read a scenario and understand quickly
 what it does without having to open multiple files
* compatible with Rails 3, http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2010/2/9/plugin-authors-toward-a-better-future 
* compatible with various versions of rails : http://github.com/ianwhite/garlic
* search feature
* output step definitions source (*_steps.rb) using http://github.com/moro/tsuridana & syntax gem => Is there value?
* add some ruby code browser a la http://github.com/dolzenko/reflexive
* documentation site to show off, mongoid style ;-) http://github.com/mongoid/mongoid-site
== Documentation & other projects to take some inspiration

* fork guide : http://help.github.com/forking/
* http://github.com/eladmeidar/CannedCukes
* Use http://github.com/7digital/7features code?

* or a syntax higlighter among http://www.webresourcesdepot.com/11-syntax-highlighters-to-beautify-code-presentation/
http://ultraviolet.rubyforge.org/index.xhtml seems to be the best?

Merge features from http://github.com/cs3b/cucumber_fe

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)


== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* FIX (sudo gem install, anything else)

== CREDITS :

I forked Jonas Nicklas original courgette and migrated the cucumber features to capybara (another awesome project of Jonas).

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Jonas Nicklas - 2010 Jean-Michel Garnier

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
